Add `require_volume_annotation` for restic plugin (#1132)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/configuration-reference/components/velero.md

  # restic {
  #   credentials = file("cloud-credentials-file")
  #

>   #   default_volumes_to_restic = true

Reviewer: I know this is upstream name for this flag, but perhaps we could come up with some better name for it. For example, we're already in `restic` block, so there is no need to add `to_restic` IMO.

Maybe we could have something like `require_volume_annotation`? And we set it to true by default?

Author: I agree on the naming, but I am on the fenc with setting the value as `true` by default as its not the default behavior of Velero.

Reviewer: No no, `require_volume_annotation = true` would result in `default_volumes_to_restic = false`.

| `openebs.volume_snapshot_location.s3_url`            | S3 API URL.                                                                                                                 | -                                                 | string | false    |
| `restic`                                             | Configure Restic provider for Velero.                                                                                       | -                                                 | object | false    |
| `restic.credentials`                                 | Content of cloud provider credentials.                                                                                      | -                                                 | string | true     |

> | `restic.require_volume_annotation`                   | Backup all pod volumes without having to apply annotation on the pod when using restic.                                     | true                                              | bool   | false    |

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
| `restic.require_volume_annotation`                   | If false, all pod volumes will be backed-up automatically. If true, <X> annotation needs to be added to pods to mark which volumes should be backed up.                                     | true                                              | bool   | false    |
```
